Cloud Trail allows you to audit or review everything that occurs in your AWS account.
For example, who has logged in,
what services did they access, etc.
Cloud trail does this by recording all of the AWS API calls occurring in your account,
and delivering a log file to you.
Cloud trail logs actions performed through the AWS management console,
and the AWS, SDK or software development kit.
This means, any application that uses
this software development kit to interact with AWS services,
command line tools and other AWS services will be logged via Cloud Trail.
This log is very useful should suspicious or unexpected activity occur in your account.
You can also set up alerts and alarms to notify you should certain activities occur.
It is a very useful service.